Date: 2021-04-14

Participants: Prof. Gerald Quirchmayr (Univie), Dr. Maria Leitner (AIT), Elias Ladenburger

**Open Action Items**

- [X] Discuss open questions
- [X] Receive demo scenario

# Meeting Minutes

## Open Questions

To Dr. Leitner:
* Is there a demo-scenario that I may use?
  * Yes, there is. It will be sent following this call.
* How does the "user feedback" currently look like in AIT scenarios?
  * Open discussion after every inject. The trainer can determine whether to show or skip answer statistics.
* Are learning scenarios currently adapted to learners?
  * Only insofar, as the scenario content is adapted to the learning group

To Prof. Quirchmayr:
* How long should the survey paper roughly be?
  * Enough to cover all the relevant topics in-depth. This will be somewhere around 10-15 pages.

## Summary of discussed topics
 
### Survey Paper
* The survey paper should cover 10-15 pages.
* The quality (level of detail and quality of analysis) of the paper should be sufficient, to be used in the final thesis without further adaption. 
* The structure of the survey paper should be as follows:
  * Chapter 1: Introduction
  * Chapter 2: Literature Review
    * Chapter 2.1: Short explanation, why and how the selechted literature was chosen
    * Chapter 2.2-2.x: Covering the literature of each relevant sub-topic
  * Chapter 3: Planned Implementation
  * Chapter 4: Conclusio


### Concept
* Personalization and accounts

https://blogs.articulate.com/rapid-elearning/do-you-storyboard-your-e-learning-courses/
